# Assignment 01 Essay

To be completely honest, I am not as interested in the high-performance computing, while obviously still important, as I am interested in working in the terminal, Git, and other reproducibility practices. I had never really used a computer besides a Chromebook throughout high school, but I liked statistics and ended up in the data science bucket, so I feel like I have just been picking things up as I go along, and what is outlined in the syllabus seems like it can fill in gaps in my computer literacy. My goals are to stop avoiding the terminal and also get familiar with Git, which sounds like it is really useful in the workplace with multiple people working on the same project. Also I haven't been very active on GitHub, so with my lighter course load in my last semester, hopefully I can do smaller projects and jumpstart that process. Finally, I have worked with environments before, but formally talking about environments and dependency management will be good as well. 

I think my folder structure is fairly basic compared to what I have seen in some of my other classes. Like I said before, my general file storage practices aren't the greatest (OneDrive certainly hasn't helped me out either), and I haven't been focusing very much on reproducibility, as I haven't been posting a lot of my projects or code. However, the structure I implemented is what I have seen when cloning repositories and seems logical. It keeps the raw data stored while also having a separate directory for cleaned data, so you don't have to rerun preprocessing steps. Configs are good for reproducibility and just for cleanliness. The scripts directory helps keep all of your code scripts separate. Logs are necessary for debugging and really helpful to have on hand to track changes. Then finally, a results directory with subdirectories by different runs has been helpful for me in comparing between models. Possibly adding an analysis folder/directory would be good to store whatever testing is done to validate your work. 

My understanding is that good code documentation practices are necessary not only for your own sake but especially when working with others. If you have a good system, then you or anyone else should be able to look back on work years later and understand what it is setting out to do as well as be able to reproduce it. Through the use of Git, we can track versions and keep ourselves up-to-date across devices as well as revert to previous versions if needed. 

I already touched on most of what I want to learn throughout, and I think I should get most of what I want out of this course based on what is in the syllabus. As far as personally, I am pretty into sports, so I ideally want to be able to mesh sports with data science and do something in sports analytics. However, a not-too-distant second would be working a job where I get to travel a bit, which may be a little hard as a data scientist, but if you have any little foreign data practice tidbits, like you did about Australia and csv files, I'd be happy to hear about any of those.